87 gp
5 gp, 35 sp
Blob of iron, Correspondence
Black Pearl (500 gp), Blood-stained map of the Dark Halls of Worms
Blood sausage, Fragments of a shattered sword
Pouch of pipeweed
Small skull, Contract for services
72 sp
3 sp, 78 cp
List of local taverns
1 sp, 67 cp, Five iron nails
Mouldy bread
String of wooden beads
4 sp, 79 cp
5 cp, Zircon (50 gp)
4 cp, Potion of Healing (400 gp)
43 gp
Amethyst (100 gp), Tattered map of the Lost Gauntlet of the Goblin King
2 unusual coins, Map of a nearby castle
Stale bread, Ring of iron keys
84 sp, Magnifying Glass (100 gp)
Block of soap
Black chalk, Correspondence
20 gp
Deep Blue Spinel (500 gp)
65 gp, Patch of chainmail
37 sp
4 gp, 26 sp, Freshwater Pearl (10 gp)
Potion of Levitation (400 gp), Directions to the Lost Crypts of Terror
7 sp, 71 cp
Potion of Clairaudience (400 gp)
91 cp, Potion of Poison
9 sp, 34 cp
28 sp
Rhodochrosite (10 gp)
Potion of Levitation (400 gp), Ring of iron keys
Flint and Steel (1 gp), Blood-stained map of the Forsaken Prison of Souls
Simple Lock (20 gp), Deed to a small property
9 gp, 54 sp
31 cp
47 gp
Mushrooms (poisonous), Deed to a ruined tower
Wooden comb
37 gp
10 sp, 41 cp, Flint and Steel (1 gp)
57 cp, Page torn from a spellbook
Map of a nearby castle, Shopping list
Chalk, Identification document
Chestnuts
Pouch of berries
Battle Axe
Ring of the Archmage. Stamp melted wax with this ring to store a spell you can cast, targeting anyone who breaks the seal. Includes 5 candles (1 slot).
Ring of the Breakable Bond. A gold ring. When killed in battle, your tangible spirit emerges, fully equipped and with full HP. Give in to resurrection or heal your body to reenter it. If you ever willingly abandon an ally in need, the ring breaks irreparably.
Ring of the Eagle Eye. See as far as if you were using a spyglass. Add a d6 to long-range attack rolls.
Ring of the Ghostwatcher. Appear translucent.
Ring of the Loyal. Wearer disappears, summoned to fulfill an oath, when their player leaves the room to bring others food or drink. 2 in 3 chance of returning with another Treasure until 3 have been collected.
Ring of Rejuvenation. When you have a moment to catch a breath, if you have 0 stamina, gain 1 stamina.
Ring of Ruin. Allow your weapon to be damaged for +d12 damage on a hit, or broken for +d20 damage.
Ring of the Stranger. Appear unrecognizable as yourself (though not as anybody else in particular).
Ring of the Vicious Mongoose. On a successful hand-to-hand attack, you may grapple automatically.
Ring of the Wily Serpent. While carrying only 1 - slot items or lighter, defend with DEX, not ARMOR.
Ash Wand. Grants +1 MD once and then burns away completely.
Basilisk Tooth Carved into an enchanted dagger (d6 damage). Petrifies on a critical hit or max damage.
Cryptic Prophecy. When an ally rolls a critical hit or maximum damage against a named enemy, you may utter, "Look! Just as was foretold!” The target dies. 1 use.
Dark River Water. Drink to erase memories. 1 use.
Death's Head Buckle. Given a clear shot, enemies will attack you over allies. (Remind referee as needed.)
Diabolist's Vestments. Improve reaction rolls with demons by 1 step, or grant such a roll at all. Doubles as a useful disguise in hell.
Dragon Idol.  Command word etched on bottom covers your body in scales and contorts your features to become more draconic (+1 ARMOR; sacrifice blood for d6 area fire damage) until you die or idol breaks. Prevents wearing armor or speaking very clearly.
Demon Magistrate’s Gavel. A massive hammer (d12 damage, 4 slots). Damage or break ARMOR on a hit.
Golden Fruit. Eat to clear decay and reset deaths to 0.
Gravestone Chip. Transport yourself and willing allies to a gravesite you’ve been to.
Hands of Saint Regulus. Replace your hands with these to make your unarmed attacks deal d8 damage, with advantage against unholy targets.
Iron Locket. Store carried souls inside to resurrect with them. Must repair to reuse after resurrection.
Jade Pig. Figurine that fits in the palm of your hand. Toss at ground to transform it into a real, ornery pig (1 HD, d4 damage), with no particular attachment to you. Transforms back to jade if lowered to 0 HP.
Jesiah’s Hammer and Tongs. Tongs get +d6 to grapple by the tongue. Hammer deals d6 damage, or d20 to a target who tells a lie while grappled by tongs.
Kingfisher Brooch. Sacrifice a fish and snatch a visible item, even to catch a projectile; no roll needed.
Lodestone Bracelet. Pull an unattended ferrous item to you as an action; save with DEX to catch safely.
Lost Soul. Separated from its owner somehow, but a bright glow suggests some awareness. It tugs gently in the direction of its remains; can be returned to a grateful owner, or subsumed for +1 to any ability.
Many-notched Bow. Can fire up to as many arrows at once as your level, spread out over an area.
Marble Sepulcher. Contains 41,343 souls; siphoning any makes mortal enemies of a holy order dedicated to preserving souls from being traded or subsumed.
Mourner’s Bell. Forces incorporeal beings to solidify.
Murderer’s Glass Eye. Replace one of your own eyes with it. Squint at someone as they speak to sense whether they mean to kill you or innocents.
Papery Armor. Oddly thin fluted plate armor, with a helmet that sits like a paper hat (+7 ARMOR, 1 slot).
Pendant. Effect unknown, but rumored to possess great powers.
Phantasm Larva. Hold with tongue on roof of
mouth to hear nearby thoughts as ongoing murmur- ing. Make a WIS save to make out one "voice," or to not swallow when you take damage.
Pilgrim’s Walking Stick. Use WIS to attack (d8 damage, 2 slots). May also use WIS to defend in an en- counter if neither you nor allies provoked hostilities.
Rod of Office. Save CHA vs. INT to command human- like target to kneel, lay down arms, or flee.
Iron Key. Permanently lock or unlock a door. 1 use. 38.
Sacrificial Dagger. A black, wavy blade (d6 damage). With a free hand, you may spend HP in place of stamina to cast witchcraft spells. May use your CHA bonus in place of level to determine max S when casting. 39.
Saint's Ashes. Each pinch used counts as 1 stamina toward casting a theurgy spell (up to 3 pinches), or throw all 3 pinches on a fire while repairing an ordinary broken weapon to make it glow brightly, blinding unholy enemies while they look toward it.
Sacred Medallion. Add your WIS bonus to any HP you restore with theurgy. May use your WIS bonus in place of level to determine max S when casting.
Septifocals. Seven-lensed spectacles with gold wire frames. Spend 1 stamina to sense a target’s name, HD, HP, ARMOR, stamina, souls held, and prepared spells.
Silver Wings. Worn on back; they move on their own to deflect attacks (+2 ARMOR, 2 slots).
Spacious Satchel. Can stow an impossible number of 1-slot or smaller items. Requires rooting around for several minutes with decent lighting to retrieve items.
Starmetal. Graft into an ordinary weapon to increase damage 1 die size; count its damage as magical. 1 use.
Summoning Stone. Once per hour, scratch a circle for a 50/50 chance to summon a spirit (d10 HD) of a random Background. Spirits under 5 HD are helpful; over 6 HD are evil; 5–6 HD spirits are unpredictable.
Tiny Steeds. Quartet of wooden figurines (1 slot). Command to grow into a mount (2 HD) or turn back.
Titan’s Key. Giant brass key, usable as a two-handed blunt weapon (d12 damage, 4 slots). Said to fit a lock securing an even greater treasure.
Trisagonist Skull. Six-eye-socketed and pearlescent. Hold aloft to make it thrum with song, bathing area in white light as all carried souls nearby spiral upward. Souls may be intercepted within 1 round before they fly skyward, after which skull crumbles to dust.
Waxen Hand. Can cast and be taught spells. (Rub its fingers over the pages.) When you roll a 1 with it (or whenever you choose), it casts a spell at random. Fingers move when not in use, making arcane signs.
Xeno’s Grimoire. Contains d4 + 1 random spells. One can be learned instantly; others require a mentor
Smoky Quartz (50 gp)
Potion of Plant Control (300 gp)
20 sp
92 gp, Glass Cutter (25 gp)
39 cp, Pouch of pixie dust
Blood sausage
63 cp, Obsidian (10 gp)
Cloth game board and wooden tokens, Lacy undergarments
Hardtack, Etching portrait of a feared beast
Map of a nearby castle, Tattered map of the Barrow of the Vampire Queen
Bowl
Brass Bell
Brooch
Carved Figurine
Cup
Deck of Cards
Long Fork
Numbered key
Oil Lamp
Old Doll
Paint Pot
Pencil
Drawing
Coin
Glass eye
Glass jar
Hair comb
Purse
Quill
Salve
Scissors
Scroll
Sealed Letter
Sewing Needle
Shaving Razor
Silver button
skull
Tobacco pipe
Wine bottle
Arming sword
Crossbow
Bling Flail
Golden Spear
Engraved Halberd
hammer
Crowbar
Longbow
Hatchet
Telescopic Lance
Stake
Stiletto
Throwing Axe
Warpick
Whip
Warhammer
Scimitar
Shortbow
Sickle
Sling
Spear
Staff
Longsword
Crystal-pomeled Greatsword
Shortsword
Mace
Spike Ball
Battle Axe
Club
Claymore
Arming Sword
Glaive
Flail
Dagger
Cutlass
Crossbow
Acid Flask
Bear Trap
Bellows
Bolt-cutters
Chain
Chisel
Lens
Lock/Key
Lockpicks
Manacles
Metal File
Mortar/Pestle
Crowbar
Door Ram
Ear Trumpet
Fire Oil
Fishing Hook
Goggles
Needle
Pickaxe
Pitchfork
Pliers
Pole
Pulleys
Grappling Hook
Grease
Hacksaw
Hammer
Hand Drill
Lantern
Rope
Scissors
Shovel
Spikes
Steel Wire
Tongs
